I can’t imagine a life without you, darling. I feel lucky to have you in my life.
I need you to be in my life forever. Keep blessing me with your love baby.
I feel lucky because you are my girlfriend! I love you so much!
My sweetheart, I must be the luckiest man to have someone like you in my life! Every day of my life is beautiful because of you! You are my everything!
Words will fall short if I want to describe how much you mean to me, but I hope my love tells you what my speeches cannot! I love you, angel.
Baby, you are not just my partner, but my best friend, my no. 1 supporter, my mentor, my therapist, and my happiness inducer. I love you!
My love, you are the kindest person I have ever met. You are amazing!
I may not be a perfect boyfriend. But my love for you is the truest of all. Every single beat of my heart says it’s true!
Baby, all my stress disappears when you are with me! You are my happiness!
I just want our love to last. Because you are one of a kind I can’t get you off my mind. I love you.
I could write a thousand poems describing my love for you but it would still not be enough. Words are too tender to carry the weight of my love!
You are the treasure that I have been looking for all my life. 
The biggest joy of my life is waking up every morning knowing that you are mine. Nothing can be more satisfying than this feeling!
The more we’re spending time with each other, the more I’m falling in love with you. You are everything that I desire for in life!
I cannot remember a night without dreaming of you, I cannot remember a day without thinking of you. I cannot remember a moment without loving you!
I hope you know how special you are to me. I love you!
Your smile is my favorite thing in the world! I love you, baby!
I might be doing a hundred thing at once, but my mind is always thinking about you!
Loving you is my daily routine and giving you a warm hug is my favorite hobby!
You are the reason for every beautiful morning in my life.
Your kiss is my daily dose of happiness and comfort. 